# FINAL PROJECT
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/mqTXre_-CYc?si=snulxOSqf1ux25w5>
#### Description:
My webapp is called Furniture boutique and it is a furniture store which I made using: Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS and sqlite3 for the database. First I made final_project folder that contains: _pycache_ (made automatically not by me) , instance—folder that has database.db, static—folder that has background.avif and styles.css , templates—folder that has cart.html, change_password.html, edit_profile.html, error.html, exterior.html, furniture.html, history.html, home.html, index.html, layout.html, login.html, newin.html, outdoor.html, profile.html, register.html, settings.html, tools.html, wallpapers.html, wordrobe.html, _init_.py—file, app.py—file and helpers.py. in my main folder I have venv-to be able to use pip install it just makes installing packages easy.
my main page-index.html extends layout.html that links styles.css and  displays all of the buttons that lead to my websites pages, such as profile, cart, homepage, settings, history and logout. Layout.html makes sure that the user logs in or registers before having access to any of the buttons above.  I accomplished this by using jinja {% if session[“user_id”] %}… 
I extended layout.html to almost all of the pages except for homepage and its respective pages like wardrobe and tools… reason being that homepage displayed furniture such as sofas and when the user clocked other buttons such as tools I wanted them to be directed to a new page displaying wallpapers or etc. I thought of extending homepage/home.html but quickly realized that I can’t extend two pages in one website.  I used sqlite3 for database because I thought it was beginner friendly and because we already used it in cs50 so it was familiar, I have two tables: users—id, username, hash, join_date, bio-- and transactions—id, user_id, item, amount, timestamp, date and purchase. I didn’t use date and purchased because later on I realized I didn’t need either.  I used some lines of code from bootstap for the layout and implemented the backend myself,  Once the user clicks on homepage they will see options to choose from such as outdoor, furniture, exterior, tools and newin once chosen the page will display different pictures and small description of the furniture’s once the cursor hovers over any of the images it will display a button saying buy now which if you press it will flash (‘product name’ ) was purchased and added to your cart. You can check your cart and see what you bought and the amount you bought it for.
I used javascript to implement the button “buy now” and to make it so that when it’s pressed it will use “adding_items_ajax”—I used ai copilots help. To insert product name and product price into transactions, which will be shown in the cart and flash a message.
If you want more detailed description of your purchase you can go to history and even see the date and time of which you bought the item.
I also have settings in which you can change your password by writing your current password and then the new one, confirm it and you have a new password.
The layout for profile is also from bootstrap which I have put the link for it in the page itself. I adjusted it to my liking such as changing the background color and delete the unnecesarry information like number and email etc.. I added functionality to the button “edit profile” with which you can add brand new bio, change it or delete it.  The profile picture will be the same for every user, I set a default_profile_picture, because I don’t know how to make it so that every user will be able to set a profile picture of their liking from their library. On the profile page the user will also see the date they joined and their username.  I used jinja so every user sees  their join date username and bio – {{ user[2] }} and sqlite3 – join_date text. 
